content/publication/NIPS_BabyMinds_2020/index.md, before:

---
title: "SEDRo: A Simulated Environment for Developmental Robotics"
authors:
- Aishwarya Pothula
- admin
- Sanath Narasimhan
- Sm Mazharul Islam
- Deokgun Park
date: "2021-01-05T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: "2020-12-11T00:00:00Z"

# Publication type.
# Legend: 0 = Uncategorized; 1 = Conference paper; 2 = Journal article;
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper; 4 = Report; 5 = Book; 6 = Book section;
# 7 = Thesis; 8 = Patent
publication_types: ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "NeurIPS 2020-Baby Minds Workshop"
publication_short: ""

abstract: Task-specific AI agents are showing remarkable performance across different domains. But modeling generalized AI agents like human intelligence will require more than current datasets or only reward-based environments that don't include experiences that an infant gathers throughout its initial stages. In this paper, we present Simulated Environment for Developmental Robotics (SEDRo). It simulates the environments for a baby agent that a human baby experiences throughout the pre-born fetus stage to post-birth 12 months. SEDRo also includes a mother character to provide social interaction with the agent. To evaluate different developmental milestones of the agent, SEDRo incorporates some experiments from developmental psychology.

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: This paper was presented at NeurIPS 2020 Workshop on BabyMind,  and discusses about our ongoing project for Simulated Environment for Developmental Robotics .

tags:
- Baby Agents
- Developmental Robotics
- AGI

featured: true

# links:
# - name: ""
#   url: ""
url_pdf: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14842.pdf
url_code: 'https://github.com/utaresearch/SEDRo'
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: 'https://www.dropbox.com/s/ze4ceel7y01ym1m/SEDRo%20NIPS%20BabyMinds%202020%20Workshop.mp4?dl=0'

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
# image:
#  caption: ""
#  focal_point: ""
#  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
# projects: []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
# slides: example
---

Commit message:

updated publication title of NIPS baby Minds

content/publication/NIPS_BabyMinds_2020/index.md, after:

---
title: "Modeling Social Interaction for Baby in Simulated Environment for Developmental Robotics"
authors:
- Aishwarya Pothula
- admin
- Sanath Narasimhan
- Sm Mazharul Islam
- Deokgun Park
date: "2021-01-05T00:00:00Z"
doi: ""

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: "2020-12-11T00:00:00Z"

# Publication type.
# Legend: 0 = Uncategorized; 1 = Conference paper; 2 = Journal article;
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper; 4 = Report; 5 = Book; 6 = Book section;
# 7 = Thesis; 8 = Patent
publication_types: ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: "NeurIPS 2020-Baby Minds Workshop"
publication_short: ""

abstract: Task-specific AI agents are showing remarkable performance across different domains. But modeling generalized AI agents like human intelligence will require more than current datasets or only reward-based environments that don't include experiences that an infant gathers throughout its initial stages. In this paper, we present Simulated Environment for Developmental Robotics (SEDRo). It simulates the environments for a baby agent that a human baby experiences throughout the pre-born fetus stage to post-birth 12 months. SEDRo also includes a mother character to provide social interaction with the agent. To evaluate different developmental milestones of the agent, SEDRo incorporates some experiments from developmental psychology.

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: This paper was presented at NeurIPS 2020 Workshop on BabyMind,  and discusses about our ongoing project for Simulated Environment for Developmental Robotics .

tags:
- Baby Agents
- Developmental Robotics
- AGI

featured: true

# links:
# - name: ""
#   url: ""
url_pdf: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14842.pdf
url_code: 'https://github.com/utaresearch/SEDRo'
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: 'https://www.dropbox.com/s/ze4ceel7y01ym1m/SEDRo%20NIPS%20BabyMinds%202020%20Workshop.mp4?dl=0'

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
# image:
#  caption: ""
#  focal_point: ""
#  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
# projects: []

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
# slides: example
---
